hi guys it's money and today I am going
to be sharing with you an unboxing video
I haven't done one of these videos since
last year i think in november and you
guys know I love doing this now this is
a subscription service with love with
food you can get this once a month and I
will list all the information in the
description box so let's begin so if you
guys want to get your own subscription
box you can need to get ten dollars off
or you get your first tasting box for
free also what I love about the
subscription service they donate a meal
every time they sell a box how neat is
that so more information will be listed
in the description box the first item I
grabbed was this lemon wafer bites it
had a creamy Center and I love wafer or
anything so this of course I liked and
it's only 100 calories I'm a huge fan of
hot chocolate especially if it's a
bitter hot chocolate and this was bitter
hot chocolate it was pretty good
although this packet only allows one
person to drink it usually with hot
chocolate packets I'm able to cut it in
half or use only half and save the rest
for later the big mac and cheese puffs
taste like Cheetos so if you like to do
is you're going to like this honestly
these chips actually just tastes like
regular potato chips apparently it's
only 100 calories for this whole bag
which is good if you're trying to cut
your calories the milk chocolate was
divine exactly as what the label says
it's Bitesize just enough to give you
that sweetness for that day that you
need what's really neat about this
protein bar it's three ingredients only
and that's really hard to find in bars
especially and it was pretty good I
honestly thought these wouldn't taste
good I don't know I thought they would
be like tootsie rolls but they're not
bear chocolate with toffee crunches or
taki business in the chocolate I haven't
tried these items yet let me know in the
comments if you tried it and what did
you try it with also in the Box I got
some coupons and more information about
some of the products and that's it that
was all that items that were in
the box my favorite one was the mac and
cheese but just because I love Cheetos
if you want to watch me trying all the
items please continue watching if not i
will see you on my next video bye guys
so you look like this oh they smell good
to look like this yellow they almost
yeah it's supposed to resemble back and
cheese and it smells like mac and cheese
they taste like Cheetos I look to you
like Cheetos you're going to love these
this is by its new kitty next item is
olive oil kettle cooked potato chips so
it smells like regular potato chips can
you think at the store this is how it
looks like okay um so first of all I
don't really like data chips so this was
okay um really salty I prefer big baked
potato chips and these are kettle cooked
so the next neck is lemon wafer bites no
high fructose corn syrup so they look
like this they're little mmm these are
good um they have a filling inside which
reminds me is lemon so very refreshing
so the next item is a protein bar it's
free of GMO preservatives soy and
peanuts there's no peanuts but it's hot
almond honey Oh almonds
it definitely tastes like a protein bar
I actually like this better than cliff
bars oh so for one little bar it's only
130 calories so I have a few more items
left the let's try this one I got two in
the box it's a coffee crunch number 39
wow it is really good for some reason I
thought it would be sticky like caramel
there is a crunch to it I don't know
what the crunches it's a toffee but it's
not a huge piece of toffee and if you
love chocolate this will be the
chocolate to eat actually it's just
perfect size really sweet though but
really good so the last two is hot
chocolate and a seasoning and I just
drink hot chocolate this morning so I'm
going to save this for tomorrow morning
so i will post a video on my facebook
page of me trying this so you guys can
head over there tomorrow morning and i
will have a video it also came with this
I don't know what I'm gonna use it for
for my head for my hair I just kidding
necklace and it came late oh I forgot
there's still one more milk chocolate
defying so here it is it's really sweet
it just tastes like regular chocolate
probably like a Hershey bar yeah I think
it just like a Hershey bar thank you
guys so much for watching and happy
baking